BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1. There is none but a few magic numbers in our code, but those are time related (i.e 1000 miliseconds for a second)
 in general all configuration settings are supported and the code was written in such way to support general settings
2. Refering to feture size as a size of set, refering to the time settings from config file and not using magic numbers,
 refering to table size for number of slots on table.
3. used differant settings and made sure the game ran smoothly

--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

in player, the thread joins UI thread before terminating. in dealer, th thread joins all players threads before terminating.
in the logs you can see the order of thread terminating.


--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus. :(

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

we made sure to not use another thread other than the ones given to us in the skeleton files as requested.

we made sure that when a player waits for dealer respons, he waits on his thread object, and so
the dealer can wake up each player individualy when he finished dealing with them.
the AI waits on the player object and not the   Bloking queue, and so only wakes up when player tells it to,
specificly after a key was taken from the queue.
lastly, the dealer only wakes up when a players asks for a check on his sets, by using a queue of players,
each player in the queue is waiting for dealer to check them and so dealer wont wake up for nothing(unless it timeout)
